Update README and some documentation (#46)
scpwiki/wikijump: README.md

# Wikijump

> Wikijump is the [SCP Wiki](http://www.scpwiki.com/)'s fork of the unmaintained [Wikidot](https://github.com/gabrys/wikidot).

Author: I don't really see the issue with apostrophe ownership, as long as it's not excessively overused.

It aims to significantly refactor legacy code, remove misfeatures and dead code, and implement new useful features and bugfixes that are needed in mainline Wikidot.

> This project is being developed by the SCP Wiki's [Technical Team](http://05command.wikidot.com/technical-staff-main) as part of Project Foundation.

Author: I resisted putting "actively" since if that ever becomes false, it's not like there would be activity to update it to "inactive".

> This project is being developed by the SCP Wiki's [Technical Team](http://05command.wikidot.com/technical-staff-main) as part of Project Foundation.

Author: I find this replacement wording a bit clunky, how about:
```suggestion
This project is being developed by the English SCP Wiki's [Technical Team](http://05command.wikidot.com/technical-staff-main) as part of Project Foundation, on a volunteer basis.
```

But we link to the EN O5 site so tbh I'm not sure how much we need the language specifier in there.

> This project is being developed by the SCP Wiki's [Technical Team](http://05command.wikidot.com/technical-staff-main) as part of Project Foundation.

Reviewer: I like the explicitness of implying that the wiki has international branches, but I do think it's important to note that we're EN - a random reader won't know what 05command means

> This project is being developed by the SCP Wiki's [Technical Team](http://05command.wikidot.com/technical-staff-main) as part of Project Foundation.

Author: ```suggestion
This project is being developed by the English SCP Wiki's [Technical Team](http://05command.wikidot.com/technical-staff-main) as part of [Project Foundation](http://www.scpwiki.com/forum/c-3335628/general-information).
```

Issues are tracked on our [JIRA](https://scuttle.atlassian.net/browse/WDBUGS).

> Questions, comments or suggestions can be suggested in the [Feature Requests forum](http://www.scpwiki.com/forum/c-3335630/feature-requests), or in [`#site11` on SkipIRC](http://www.scpwiki.com/chat-guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Questions and comments can be posted in our [General Information forum](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/forum/c-3335628/general-information), or in [`#site11` on SkipIRC](http://www.scpwiki.com/chat-guide).
```

Author: I feel like our feature one is actually monitored, and doesn't have that out-of-date pinned post, but I guess we should just fix that there.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Contributing

We welcome any suggestions or requests, which can be made in our [Feature Requests forum](http://www.scpwiki.com/forum/c-3335630/feature-requests).

If you would like to offer to volunteer some of your time to Wikijump development in the future, please post in one of our [Recruitment threads](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/forum/c-3335629/recruitment). We may request your help when we need it.

```

Author: We should be consistent with these forum links. Either `www.scpwiki.com` or `scp-wiki.wikidot.com`

Reviewer: Oops! My bad - fixed the suggestion

> ### Getting Started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Development
```

Author: I mean we should have an actual, fleshed out getting started guide in the README eventually, but I guess.

"Getting Started" for a super quick "get something up", then "Development" for more info? idk

We don't have a lot of documentation here yet. See [development.md](docs/development.md) and [install.md](docs/install.md) for information on running a local instance of Wikijump.

> ### License

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## License
```

Author: Why? This is a normal section like the rest of them

Reviewer: In one of the other suggested changes I started a 2nd-level "contributing" section, with the 3rd-level "development/getting started" section contained inside it. Licenses aren't contributing so it would need to be bumped up to 2nd-level

Author: Oh I see

> This code is available under the same license as Wikidot, the [GNU Affero General Public License 3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html) (AGPL 3.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wikijump is available under the same license as Wikidot, the [GNU Affero General Public License 3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html) (AGPL 3.0).
```
